README.md, before:

# btotp
An authenticator program written in python.\
Future plans:\
[x] installation script
## How it works
btotp takes your TOTP secret base32 strings and encodes them, if you dont know the password (btotp doesn't save your password anywhere) you won't get your codes. 
# Read before using
If you want to configure this app, touch **ONLY** the `BasicInformation` section in `config.toml`.\ 
Do not mess with `presets.toml`, or other sections of `config.toml`. **Do not delete any files and do not change the code**
Config explanation:
```toml
[BasicInformation]
accountName = "mrbartix" #your username, you can change it here
appearance = "system" # theme of the window, valid options: black, white or system
defaultColor = "blue" # default color of widgets, valid options: green, blue, dark-blue
```
# Installation
First, download the source code, using `git clone https://github.com/mrbartix/btotp.git`
1. Open the terminal/cmd
2. Make sure that you have python installed. Install it if you don't have it.
3. Navigate to the directory which the unzipped source code is (using the terminal)
4. Inside the main directory run: 

**Linux or Mac:**
```bash
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd src
python exec.py
```
**Windows:**
```bash
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd src
python exec.py
```
If you want to exit the venv, use the `deactivate` command.

Commit message:

Update README.md (add dependencies section)
china

README.md, after:


# btotp
An authenticator program written in python.\
Future plans:\
[x] installation script
## How it works
btotp takes your TOTP secret base32 strings and encodes them, if you dont know the password (btotp doesn't save your password anywhere) you won't get your codes. 
# Read before using
If you want to configure this app, touch **ONLY** the `BasicInformation` section in `config.toml`.\ 
Do not mess with `presets.toml`, or other sections of `config.toml`. **Do not delete any files and do not change the code**
Config explanation:
```toml
[BasicInformation]
accountName = "mrbartix" #your username, you can change it here
appearance = "system" # theme of the window, valid options: black, white or system
defaultColor = "blue" # default color of widgets, valid options: green, blue, dark-blue
```
# Dependencies
Before installation make sure that you have **Tcl**, **Tk** and the **Times New Roman** font installed.
**Debian based:**
```bash
sudo apt install python3-tk python3-venv tk tcl ttf-mscorefonts-installer
```
**Arch based (Pacman)**
```bash
sudo pacman -Syu tk tcl
yay -S ttf-ms-fonts
```
(you can also use paru or pamac instead of yay **(use your favourite AUR helper)**)\
**Fedora**
```bash
sudo dnf install python3-tkinter tk tcl curl cabextract xorg-x11-font-utils fontconfig msttcore-fonts-installer
```
**Windows**
When installing python check the **"Use admin privileges when installing py.exe"** and **"Add python.exe to PATH"** options. After that select **"Customize installation"**. Make sure that all boxes on **"Optional Features"** are checked. Press **"Next"**. Make sure that all boxes are checked here too. Press Install.
**macOS**
```bash
brew install python-tk tcl-tk fontconfig
# you also may need to link tcl/tk
brew link tcl-tk --force
```
# Installation
First, download the source code, using `git clone https://github.com/mrbartix/btotp.git`
1. Open the terminal/cmd
2. Make sure that you have python and the dependencies installed. Install it if you don't have it.
3. Navigate to the directory which the unzipped source code is (using the terminal)
4. Inside the main directory run: 

**Linux or Mac:**
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd src
python3 exec.py
```
**Windows:**
```bash
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd src
python exec.py
```
If you want to exit the venv, use the `deactivate` command.
